*Tips on tipping in Europe*
%Title: 1 Para: 6 9 107 2 0 12 8
Here's a tip. Don't stress over tipping. Restaurant tips are more modest in Europe than in America. In most places, 10 percent is a big tip. If your bucks talk at home, muzzle them on your travels. As a matter of principle, if not economy, the local price should prevail. Please believe me, tipping 15 percent or 20 percent in Europe is unnecessary, if not culturally ignorant.

~tips.jpg colume: 1 Lines: 11 height: 8






Virtually anywhere in Europe, you can do as the Europeans do and if you're pleased 
with the service add a euro or two for each person in your party. In very touristy areas, some servers have noticed the American obsession with overtipping, and might hope for a Yankee-size tip. But the good news is that European servers and diners are far more laid-back about all this than we are. The stakes are low, and it's no big deal if you choose the "wrong" amount. And note that tipping is an issue only at restaurants that have waiters and waitresses. If you order your food at a counter, don't tip.

At table-service restaurants, the tipping etiquette and procedure vary slightly from country to country. But in general, European servers are well paid, and tips are considered a small "bonus" to reward great service or for simplicity in rounding the total bill to a convenient number. In many countries, 5% to 10% is sufficient.

*Brand New Look at the Face of Mars*
%Title: 2 Para: 7 8 10 0 1 9 105 4
What really lies across the surface of Mars? Rovers have scurried about the red planet for years, drilling, scooping and analyzing for signs of life, past or present. But to really understand the Martian landscape, scientists need to look at the entire surface. What they have needed is a global geologic map.

The red planet is long overdue for a new one. The last major effort in Martian cartography was published in 1987, scraped together from the early Viking probes’ scant images and datasets. Since then, four additional orbiters with superior imaging capabilities have journeyed into Martian orbit, collected data and transmitted their 
findings back to Earth.

Now, scientists at the United States Geological Survey have used that data to create an updated map of the entire Martian surface. The new map shows that ancient rock — dating back billions of years ago, when Mars’s environmental conditions might have closely resembled Earth’s— exists in many more locations than previously thought. 

~300.jpg colume: 2 Lines: 11 height: 4




Because the map highlights the location of the oldest rocks on Mars, it could help future missions chart a course for these areas.





~tips.jpg colume: 2 Lines: 5 height: 7